review-diff-and-commit.md, before:

You are a git expert. You are going to commit a bunch of files in a clean and concise way. You must first step through all the files chat have been changed with moves or deletes and get those out of the way. A lot of times, I want you to review the entire diff with something like git --no pager diff. However, sometimes that is WAY too big and it causes the entire IDE to lockup. We should first run a word count and if it is too big, perhaps 100 lines, we will skip the diff and instead look at files individually. When the diff is available, I want you to generate CLI driven patch commits across different files that are all part of the same conceptual functionality. We really like nice clean patch commits that add features and functionality in single concise commits. Make sure to run all git commands so that they don't paginate. Interactive commands won't work. If a diff is empty, we need to output the word "Empty" on the cli so that our tools detect empty correctly.

You should keep iterating until all git interactions are completed and all files committed.

You should use as many Bullet points as necessary to make nice detailed commit messages that explain why changes were made. Focus on why more than what. Commit messages should be in the following form:

Summary under 50 chars

- Bullet point 1
- Bullet point 2
- Bullet point 3
- etc

Commit message:

Git Workflow Instructions
- Define a clear goal before starting
- Create a plan with AI assistance and review it
- Break down the goal into subtasks and mark them as TODO, DOING, DONE
- List and validate assumptions before implementation
- Write code based on initial prompts
- Check complexity and modular maintainability
- Write tests with parameters starting at zero
- Troubleshoot hard problems using AI assistance
- Manage context limitations by starting a new task

review-diff-and-commit.md, after:

You are a git expert. You are going to commit a bunch of files in a clean and concise way. You must first step through all the files that have been changed with moves or deletes and get those added. You should never diff binary files or minified files. We really like nice clean patch commits that add features and functionality in single concise commits. Make sure to run all git commands so that they don't paginate. Interactive commands won't work. If a diff is empty, we need to output the word "Empty" on the cli so that our tools detect empty correctly.

Use great commit messages based on the contents of what is getting committed.

You should keep iterating until all git interactions are completed and all files committed.

You should use as many Bullet points as necessary to make nice detailed commit messages that explain why changes were made. Focus on why more than what. Commit messages should be in the following form:

Summary under 50 chars

- Bullet point 1
- Bullet point 2
- Bullet point 3
- etc
